# AI and ML Core Concepts

For your reference, here are all the new terms we introduced in this lesson:

- Artificial Intelligence: the ability for a computer to simulate human cognitive behavior.
- Computer vision: the process of interpreting the world visually. We train models on videos or images, typically to recognize some object, state, or interaction.
- Differential privacy: A technique in which individual data points are modified with some constant error term. The end result is that the data points can no longer be tied back to specific locations but the distribution of this data remains the same in aggregate. For example, a dataset of police incidents may use differential privacy to protect accidental disclosure of information, such as knowledge of a domestic disturbance. The dataset would have each point (in latitude and longitude) enclosed in a circle of radius r, where r might be approximately one city block. We choose a random point within the circle and define that point as the location of the incident. On net, we know how many crimes there are in a particular neighborhood, but we do not necessarily know at which houses the incidents occur.
- Homomorphic encryption: A style of encryption which allows a developer or data scientist to perform calculations on encrypted data without decrypting it first. The result of these calculations will also be in an encrypted form and the decrypted result will be exactly the same as if we performed all of the operations on unencrypted data. This ensures that data scientists can work on data sets while maintaining maximum privacy, as they will not see the unencrypted data at any time.
- Knowledge mining: the process of extracting knowledge from vast amounts of information. In Azure, Azure Cognitive Search is the primary tool. It tags information in documents, allowing for easy, detailed searches of those documents.
- Language Understanding Intelligent Service (LUIS): a service which accepts written or spoken inputs, processes those inputs, and allows developers to perform some action based on those inputs.
- Machine Learning: the process of combining algorithms and data to allow a computer to learn without human intervention.
- Natural language processing (NLP) is the process of interpreting written or spoken language. We train models based on written documents or audio clips of speech.
- Responsible AI: The Responsible AI project is intended to serve as a framework for promoting ethical behavior when working with and deploying artificial intelligence systems. It consists of six guidelines:
  - Fairness: AI systems should treat all people fairly and not affect similarly situated groups in different ways.
  - Reliability and Safety: Customers should be able to trust that AI solutions will perform reliably and safely within a clear set of parameters, as well as respond safely to unanticipated situations.
  - Privacy and Security: AI systems should be secure and respect existing privacy laws.
  - Inclusiveness: AI systems should engage and empower people and use inclusive design practices to eliminate unintentional barriers.
  - Transparency: People should know how AI systems work and how they interact with data to make decisions.
  - Accountability: Those who design and deploy AI systems are accountable for how their systems operate.
- Responsible ML: The Responsible ML project is an effort to control machine learning models and protect users. It consists of three key guidelines:
  - Understand: We should understand our models, including knowing which factors play a role and to what extent they affect the outcome of the model. This ties in quite closely to the Responsible AI guidelines of transparency and fairness.
  - Protect: We want to use tools and processes which protect data privacy at all times, even during training.
  - Control: We should create audit trails and track the lineage of our models. This will help us ensure that the right model is producing the expected results in a production environment.
- Strong Artificial Intelligence: a system which exhibits a human's ability to generalize and solve a variety of problems, including learning how to solve new problems without direct human programming. As of today, there are no strong AI systems in the world, and there remains debate in the academic community around whether strong AI is achievable.
- Super Artificial Intelligence: a system which surpasses a human's ability to generalize and solve problems. This is like strong AI, but the expectation is that the system is superior in every domain of problem-solving capability.
- Weak Artificial Intelligence: a narrow application of intelligence, focused on solving one problem. An example of this is a system which counts people who enter or leave a bus. All artificial intelligence systems today are considered weak AI.
