# Computer Vision - Glossary

For your reference, here are all the new terms we introduced in this lesson:

- A.P.: Stands for average precision and provides a measure of a classification model's accuracy by summarizing the precision and recall values.

- Bounding box: Depictions an object's location in an image, including the X and Y coordinates of the entity and its width and height, designated by a rectangle object.

- Computer vision: The area of artificial intelligence focused on processing and understanding visual inputs through complex machine learning algorithms.

- Face detection: Using computer vision-related machine learning models to find and analyze faces in images. Faces identified within an image are analyzed to detect numerous attributes, such as age, gender, hair color, and various other traits.

- Facial recognition: The processing of using AI to compare two faces to determine if they belong to the same person or share enough similar features to be labeled as a possible match.

- Multiclass classification: A classification type that allows a single image to contain one or more tags (e.g., the photo includes cows, horses, and pigs).

- Multilabel classification: A classification type for which images can only be assigned one tag (e.g., an image can contain a cow, a horse, or a pig, but not simultaneously).

- Opaque: In data science, opaque refers to data types that do not define a concrete data structure, are not easily searchable, and do not enable simple extraction of metadata or the content contained within them. Opaque documents are things like binary image or PDF files, containing vast amounts of information, but it is not discoverable using tradition search methodologies.

- Optical character recognition (OCR): The conversion of printed or handwritten text contained within images, such as scanned documents, into a digital representation of the text characters.

- Precision: Indicates the percentage of predicted classifications that were correct. This number indicates how likely your classification model is to be right if it predicts a tag.

- Probability threshold: The minimum probability score for a prediction to be valid when calculating precision and recall.

- Recall: The percentage of image tags that your model should have correctly predicted that were actually tagged.

- Semantic segmentation: The process of using complicated machine learning models to examine an image pixel-by-pixel and then cluster together all the parts or pixels that belong to the same object. Semantic segmentation classifies every pixel of an image, using that information to provide a very low-level understanding of the information in an image and feed other aspects of computer vision.
 
- Supervised learning: An approach to machine learning which trains models by providing example inputs, such as images, and pairing those with expected outputs, such as classification tags. Also referred to as supervised machine learning.

- Unsupervised learning: A machine learning pattern in which algorithms analyze unlabeled data to learn patterns and discover information.
