# 6. Natural Language Processing (NLP) - Glossary

For your reference, here are all the new terms we introduced in this lesson:

- Confidence Score: The confidence score can have a different meaning for various AI implementations. The overall idea is about how confident the algorithm is about its result or decision.

- Entity: An item of a particular type or a category, for example, a location or organization.

- Intents: An intent represents the action the user wants to execute.

- Intent Extraction: Analyzing text to understand that would connect the text with a predefined action. Intent extraction is a popular approach in chatbot development.

- Key Phrase Extraction: Identifying terms in a text that best describes the subject of the document.

- Klingon: The language of a fictional species in the science fiction franchise called..?

- LUIS Prediction Resource: A resource used to send user's text and receive a prediction about intent and entities.

- LUIS Authoring Resource: A resource used for training to create, edit, train, and publish LUIS models.

- Prebuilt Domains: Prebuilt models that include a specific list of entities and intents you can use on your applications.

- Prebuilt Entity: Prebuilt entities are part of prebuilt models in LUIS for quickly adding common, conversational user scenarios. It is a fast way to add abilities to your applications without building the models yourself.

- SDK: Software Development Kit. In our case. We used Python SDKs for Azure Cognitive Services to access REST APIs' functionality without worrying about the raw HTTP implementations.

- Service Access Endpoint: The HTTP endpoint where an SDK can access the cognitive service.

- Service Region: The deployment location of the services in terms of Azure Data Center locations. Some SDKs use the region instead of the endpoint and prefer to build their endpoint structure based on the region metadata.

- Speech synthesis: the artificial production of human speech

- Text Analytics: The umbrella service in Azure that provides NLP functionalities for text processing. Text Analytics is part of Azure Cognitive Services. Text Analytics can be used stand-alone or used as part of an Azure Cognitive Services resource in the Azure Portal.

- Utterances: An utterance is a single input from the user that has to be evaluated.


- Voice Name and Styles: Voice names and styles define the tone and the emotions of a speech.
